---
title: Music Sharing | Blue - U Make Me Wanna
cover: /Daily.jpeg
category: Daily
date: "2017-12-16"
tags:
  - Music
---

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/koHo5-0DVlI" frameborder="0" gesture="media" allow="encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## 歌名 - U Make Me Wanna
## 歌詞

You know you make me wanna.

You know you make me wanna.


To start it off I know you know me

To come to think of it, it was only last week.

That I had a dream about us, oh.

That's why I am here, I'm writing this song.

To tell the truth you know I have been hurting all along,

Someway let me know, you want me, girl.


Every time you see me what do you see?

I feel like I'm a poor man and you're the queen.

Oh, baby, you're the only thing that I really need.

Baby, that's why...

---

You make me wanna call you in the middle of the night.

You make me wanna hold you 'til the morning light.

You make me wanna love, you make me wanna fall.

You make me wanna surrender my soul.

I know this is a feeling that I just can't fight.

You're the first and last thing on my mind.

You make me wanna love, you make me wanna fall.

You make me wanna surrender my soul.

---

Well, I know that these feelings won't end no, no.

They'll get stronger if I see you again.

Baby, I'm tired of being friends.

I wanna know if you feel the same

And could you tell me do you feel my pain?

Don't leave me in doubt.

---

I'll take you home real quick

And sit you down on the couch

Pour some Dom Perignon and hit the lights out.

Baby, we can make sweet love.

Then we'll take it nice and slow.

I'm gonna touch you like you've never known before

We're gonna make love, oh!
